A few years ago, Mr Dyke was distressed at his inability to get business men, contractors, and architects to answer his letters asking for information.
In those days, he seldom got more than 1 per cent return from his letters to architects and engineers. He would have regarded 2 per cent as very good, and 3 per cent as excellent. And 10 per cent? Why, 10 per cent would have been hailed as a miracle. But the letter that follows pulled almost 50 per cent. ... Five times as good as a miracle. And what replies! Letters of two and three pages! Letters glowing with friendly advice and co-operation.
Here is the letter. You will observe that in the psychology used— even in the phraseology in some places—the letter is almost identical with that quoted on pages 188-89. As you peruse this letter, read between the lines, try to analyze the feeling of the man who got it. Find out why it produced results five times as good as a miracle.


Another word of warning. I know from experience that some men, reading this letter, will try to use the same psychology mechanically. They will try to boost the other man's ego, not through genuine, real appreciation, but through flattery and insincerity. And their technique won't work.
Remember, we all crave appreciation and recognition, and will do almost anything to get it. But nobody wants insincerity. Nobody wants flattery.
Let me repeat: the principles taught in this book will work only when they come from the heart. I am not advocating a bag of tricks. I am talking about a new way of life.